Clarify node affinity API (#38032)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

If you specify both `nodeSelector` and `nodeAffinity`, *both* must be satisfied
for the Pod to be scheduled onto a node.

If you specify multiple terms in `nodeSelectorTerms` associated with `nodeAffinity`
types, then the Pod can be scheduled onto a node if one of the specified terms
can be satisfied (terms are ORed).

> If you specify multiple expressions in `matchExpressions` associated with a single term in `nodeSelectorTerms`,
> then the Pod can be scheduled onto a node only if all the expressions are satisfied. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify multiple expressions in a single `matchExpressions` associated in a `nodeSelectorTerms`,
then the Pod can be scheduled onto a node only if _all_ the expressions are satisfied (expressions are ANDed). 
```

Author: added the word "field"
